
--- PAGE 1 ---
QA Test Engineer
Name :Gudelli Srikanth kumar
Phone :+91-9177841357
G-mail :gudellisrikanthkumar@gmail.com
Current Job Role : QA Test Engineer
Total Experience :5+ Years of experience in Automation & Manual Testing
Career Objective
To work as a Software Engineer applying my knowledge in the field of testing, designing, and maintenance to cater to the
specific needs of the people. I wish to work in a team of motivated individuals who work towards the advancement of the
company and its goals.
Profile Summary
 Having 5+ years of Experience in IT Software Testing experience in both Selenium Automation Testing and
Manual Testing
 Having 3+ years of experience in Selenium Web Driver with java and currently working as a Software Test
Engineer on Selenium Automation
 Having Experience in Product Development using RTS2.0 Tool.
 RTS Development emphasizes prototype transformation, regular user testing, and continuous improvements
based on measured feedback, making the products robust and user-friendly.
 Automations Framework worked on Page Object Model, Page Factory Model, TestNG Frame work and Data
driven and Hybrid framework
 Having very good experience in Agile scrum methodology in Manual & Automation testing
 Expertise in designing and developing the Page Object Model with Data driven framework independently and
have knowledge on API testing and mobile applications
 Playwright having 2 years I worked End to end Automated Complex web flows(login, payments, search) on
Chrome and Firefox and I used auto-wait, screenshots, trace logs for robust debugging.
 Playwright I reduced Regression bugs by 30% and cut test Execution time by 40% via Parallel runs.
 Identified, documented, and reported software defects using tools like Jira, including detailed steps to
reproduce. Having good experience in SDLC ,STLC and Agile Scrum Methodologies
 Strong understanding of software development methodologies, including Agile and Waterfall.
 Having very good experience in designing & developing Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Test Estimations and
Test schedule and Test Deliverables etc.
 Having good experience in Functional Requirements Analysis & Understanding
 Collaborated closely with the development team to integrate automated tests into the CI/CD pipeline, enabling
continuous testing and faster feedback.
 Having good experience in Test Deliverables on time as per client expectations (RTM, Test Case Design &
Execution, Reviews, Testing docs, KT training docs etc.)
 Good experience in Smoke, Regression, System & Integration Testing and UAT Testing support etc.
Professional Experience
 Worked as QA Test Engineer for Insurite Private Limited from June 2020 to October 2024.
 Worked as QA Test Engineer for Synergy Global Solutions from December 2024 to November 2025.
--- PAGE 2 ---
Education
⮚ Completed B.Tech -2015 (C.S.E) In CMR College of Engineering and Technology, Hyderabad, TS
Technical Skills
 Automation Skills :Selenium Java , Eclipse, Selenium Web Driver, Product Development ,Playwright.
 Testing Tool : SeleniumWebDriver, IDE, RC, Grid , TestNG , RTS2.0
 Database : Oracle SQL
 Packages :MS Office
 Version Control :Git Hub
 Languages : Core Java
 Defect Reporting Tools : JIRA, Confluence
Project 1 - CSB (CIGNA SUPPLEMETAL BENFITS)
Client :CIGNA - LIFE & HEALTH INSURANCE
Manual & Automation Tool :Selenium Webdriver, Manual Testing
Team Size 6
Role :QA Test Engineer
Project Description:
The CIGNA CSB Project handles the multiple insurance enrolling applications & Medicare Products like Cancer, Heart and
Critical illness Etc and other enroll products out of Medicare like Dental, for aged 65 and older, certain younger people
with disabilities and people with Ed- stage Renal Disease
Roles & Responsibilities:
● Conducted manual and automated testing for multiple web and mobile applications, ensuring high-quality software
releases.
● Developed and executed test cases, test scenarios, and test scripts based on functional and non-functional
requirements.
● Utilized automation frameworks and tools (Selenium WebDriver, TestNG) to automate test cases, reducing testing
time and improving efficiency.
● Worked closely with the development team to identify, troubleshoot, and resolve software defects.
● Involved in Unit testing & Integration testing.
● Attended the sprint plan meetings, daily stand up meetings, Bug review meetings, weekly status meetings,
retrospect meetings and walkthroughs and interacted with Business Analysts and Developers for resolving Defects.
● Implemented data- driven testing approaches to increase test coverage and efficiency, managing test data
effectively across various scenarios.
● Utilized automation frameworks and tools (Selenium WebDriver, TestNG) to automate test cases, reducing testing
time and improving efficiency
Project # 2: FGI – AVO
Client :Future Generali India Insurance Company Ltd.
--- PAGE 3 ---
Manual & Automation Tool :Selenium Web driver, Manual Testing
Role :Test Engineer
Team Size 7
Description:
Future Generali Insurance Company Limited (FG) has chosen ‘Agent Virtual Office (AVO)’ Solutions for implementation
as their Portal for Intermediaries. AVO is a one-stop solution for all intermediaries.
1. AVO enables insurance companies in setting up different level of privileges to different intermediaries through
user management module.
2. AVO aids intermediaries to generate Quick Quotes, proposals, issue policies/recover notes for all Straight through
processing (STP) cases. For NSTP (Non-STP), AVO enables a workflow between Underwriters (UW) and IMD to
reduce the turnaround time (TAT) in achieving quick sales ratio.
3. AVO enables intermediaries by providing self-service options like download of product catalogs/online product
training, track the business figures via dashboards
Roles & Responsibilities:
● Reviewed and documented the requirements in Business Requirements Document (BRD), Functional Requirements
Documents (FRD), User Guidebook and established traceability using Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM).
● Performed Smoke, Functionality, Integration, system, Regression tests based on Analysis and understanding of the
requirements, non-functional specifications and end user needs.
● DevelopedandmaintainedautomatedtestscriptsusingSeleniumWebDriverwithJava.
● Collaborated with the QA team to identify test scenarios and create test case using Cucumber.
● Performed Sanity testing before deploying any release to higher environment.
● Tagging and Prioritization of the order of User stories for each sprint based on the client requirement.
● Utilized automation Frameworks and tools (Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Cucumber, SQL,Maven) to automate test
cases, reducing testing time and improve efficiency.
● Identify, communicate and implement risk-based testing approach when needed
● Involved in complete testing life cycle including analysis, scenarios design, test case writing and exe
Project # 3: (RECLS) - Life Science
Client :Provider Management
Manual & Automation Tool :Automation&Manual,RTS2.0
Team Size 8
Role :QA Test Engineer
Description:
Healthcare providers are important customers of pharmaceutical and medtech manufacturers. To ensure you get a fair net
price for your products, you must be able to find the right combination of upfront net pricing agreements, pricing value drivers,
and periodic backend rebates. But managing different pricing and agreements for group purchasing organizations (GPOs),
integrated delivery networks (IDNs), health systems, and hospitals is no small task.
Roles & Responsibilities:
--- PAGE 4 ---
● Performed Smoke, Functionality, Integration, system, Regression tests based on Analysis and understanding of the
requirements, non-functional specifications and end user needs.
● Worked closely with the development team to identify, troubleshoot, and resolve software defects.
● Involved in Unit testing & Integration testing.
● Implemented data-driven testing approaches to increase test coverage and efficiency, managing test data
effectively across various scenarios.
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the information provided in this resume is true and accurate to the best of my knowledge and
belief. I understand that any false information may disqualify me from consideration for employment.
Regards,
G.Srikanth Kumar.